## Environment:
- .NET version: 3.0

## Read-Only Files:
- EmployeeCollection.Tests/IntegrationTests.cs

## Data:
Example of an employee data JSON object:
```
{
    "name": "Charles",
    "location": "California",
    "department": "Accounting",
    "age": 50,
    "rating": 1,
    "id": 1
}
```

## Requirements:

In this challenge, you are part of a company that is launching a new service that is responsible for maintaining employee information in the organization. One requirement is for a REST API service to provide employee information. Your task is to add functionality to add and delete employee information as well as perform some queries. You'll be dealing with typical information for employee data like name, location, department, etc.

The definitions and detailed requirements list are written below. You will be graded on whether your application performs data retrieval and manipulation based on given use cases exactly as described in the requirements.

Each employee data is a JSON object describing the details of the employee. Each object has the following properties:

- id: The unique ID of every employee as generated by the system. [Integer]
- name: The name of the employee. [String]
- location: The location of the employee. [String]
- department: The department of the employee. [String]
- age: The age of the employee. [Integer]
- rating: The rating of the employee. [Decimal]

The REST service must expose the `/api/employee/` endpoint, which allows for managing the collection of employee records in the following way:

`POST` request to `/api/employee/`:

- creates a new employee data record
- expects a valid employee data object as its body payload, except that it does not have an id property; you can assume that the given object is always valid
- adds the given object to the collection and assigns a unique integer id to it
- the response code is 201
- there are no particular requirements for the response body
 

`GET` request to `/api/employee/`:

- the response body is an array of all the employees in the collection, ordered by their ids in increasing order
- the response code is 200
 

`GET` request to `/api/employee/<id>/`:

- returns an employee record with the given `id`
- if the matching record exists, the response code is 200 and the response body is the matching record
- if there is no record in the collection with the given id, the response code is 404
 

`GET` request to `/api/employee?department=<department1>&department=<department2>`:

- the response body is an array of all the employees in the collection having the department value as `<department1>` or `<department2>`, ordered by their ids in increasing order
- the response code is 200
 

`DELETE` request to `/api/employee/<id>/`:

- deletes the employee record with the given id from the collection
- if a matching record existed, the response code is 204
- if there was no record in the collection with the given id, the response code is 404
